# NUSupper

Orbital 2022

Team Name: naan & fries

Team ID: 5183

Team Members: Ong Jing Ru, Elysia & Yong Wei Ning

Level of Achievement: Apollo 11

## Project Overview

### Aim 

We hope to make a neat and efficient way to collate orders for supper in NUS, through a mobile app.

### Scope

Our Android app is targeted towards NUS students currently residing in on-campus hostel accomodations. NUSupper allows users to create or join a Supper Jio (order group) and send out an autogenerated telegram message with invite link to the group order. Users will be able to view the order information (eg. order close time, order collection time, person in charge of ordering) at a glance, while receiving live updates of the delivery cost per person. The social aspect of the app also lets users find and join nearby Jios.

## Milestone 1 (ideation)

### Motivation 

It’s late at night and you are hungry. You really want some supper but you are frustrated by how troublesome it is to get supper delivery. What if there is no one else who wants to order and split the delivery fee with you? Desperate, you ask for supper jios in every group chat you can possibly find. You got lucky and found some people to order with. 

As you are trying to keep track of the orders, the notifications are being spammed as everyone simultaneously sends their orders from different group chats. The earlier orders are swept up by all the newest notifications and you painstakingly check each message to make sure you did not forget anyone’s order. 

When you are ready to place the orders, more messages flood in and you have to announce that “orders are closed!”.

After the food arrives, everyone is happy and full… except you. You have to go through the hassle of asking everyone to pay you back. You are bombarded with messages: “What is your phone number? I PayNow you.” “Wait I don’t have PayLah can I bank transfer?” 

Surely, there must be an easier way to organise supper runs.

### User Stories at a Glance

Students residing in NUS hostels who is interested in ordering supper would be able to:
- Collate food orders with hostel friends so as to facilitate ease of ordering
- Gather more people to split the delivery costs
- Consolidate the bill and pay easily

### App Features

- Authentication - Allows users to sign in with their registered email and password. Built with Firebase authentication and database.
- Profile Page - Users are able to view their personal information and update them if needed.
- Navigation Drawer
- Find Jio
- Create Jio
- View Jio - includes Jio link, Edit Jio, Current Orders, Payment page and Close Order
- View Others' Jio
- Order History

### Technologies Used

- Android Studio & Android Emulator
- Kotlin
- Firebase
- Version Control System (GitHub)

### Relevant Links [Milestone 3]

[README](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UDAGNPDtMnpRxCkr_Gv-858Cwa3F_PivE7D8hpIuC4g/edit?usp=sharing)

[poster](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HjWPas87ZhmzT4ItKQk8KtcFdJjxL8_U/view?usp=sharing)

[video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1L4Slc_3dD3yjukdvM8P4VEhcoWYoGQRT/view?usp=sharing)

[apk zip file](https://github.com/elysiaojr/NUSupper/files/9175581/milestone.3.apk.zip.zip)
